1.) If I want to build a link builiding agency in 2018, what is the first thing I should do?
2.) Why pick "White Hat Linkbuilding" instead of becoming a full service SEO firm or full service marketing agency?
3.) Will the number of links your website has remain the single, most important factor to a good Google ranking?
4.) What is most effective way to get clients?
5.) Would you ever use Facebook ads to win clients?
6.) How long did it take you to make that first dollar?
7.) Do you use a team to help fulfill for clients -- or do you do everything yourself?
8.) How do you hire and manage a team of VAs?
9.) Is SEO more competitive now -- compared to when you started?
10.) How much does on page SEO matter?
11.) What is the most you can charge a client per month?
12.) You say you have a trick for making $1,000 this week?
13.) How much time do you spend, personally, fufilling for clients?
14.) What happened to your business after you were diagnosed with kidney failure in 2012?
15.) How does the philosophy of "minimalism" help one become more successful with their SEO agency?
16.) Can you give us an example of a client getting Facebook funnel?
17.) Do you recommend having your clients sign a contract? -- or should they only pay month to month?
18.) How did you get your first client?
19.) How do you hire VAs?
20.) How many clients do you work with at any one time?
21.) How large of a team do you need to fulfill for 9 clients?
22.) If you had to start all over again from scratch - what exact steps would you take to build an agency in 2018?
23.) On average, how much do you charge each client?
24.) What do you recommend your students charge their first client?
25.) How much would you charge a large company to take over linkbuilding from their marketing team?
26.) You say you have a trick for building a "White Hat Private Blog Network" -- and that this trick works very well with large clients?
27.) Are there any industries that are almost impossible to build links for?
28.) I'm told you have "4 Magic Categories" -- and if you tie-in and connect your content to these 4 categories -- it becomes extremely easy to win links.
29.) Do you create content for your clients or do they already have content? How does that work?
30.) How many links do you need to win for a client each month to keep them happy?
31.) Each month, how many blogs or "link prospects" do you need to approach on behalf of your clients?
32.) Is placing guest posts for FREE still viable, or is everyone SECRETLY, always paying for their guest post placements?
33.) Will you telephone a blog owner and then try to convince him to give you a link?
34.) Do you have a cold-outreach system that is working right now?
35.) Do you prefer to work with business owners or the marketing teams of large companies?
36.) Should you try to get your agency website to rank in Google for "SEO in [YOUR CITY]"?
37.) What do you think about convincing marketing agencies to offer your service to their clients?
38.) Did you ever niche your agency -- such as targeting only one industry?
39.) Do you have content writers on staff? If so, how do you manage them?
40.) Do you need to present yourself as a large agency--if you want to be hired by big companies?
41.) Do you upsell other marketing services to your clients?
42.) Why would a marketing manager at a company hire you? Isn't building links <i>their</i> job?
43.) How do you get a complete stranger to pay $2,000 just to talk to you on the phone -- and then go on to hire you?
44.) What is a core content piece? And why do you need one?
45.) What metrics should you track in your business?
46.) What do you need to report to clients each month?